good morning it's Ruby and welcome back
to another University vlog
[Music]
so today it is Saturday and I've got
quite a long to-do list I've got a lot
of English reading to do he didn't know
I actually changed courses so I'm no
longer studying philosophy theology I'm
studying English while hopefully if this
last film goes through which is really
really exciting and I'm honestly so
excited to do this like so here I was
going through the recommended extended
reading for the Odyssey we looked at the
emily wilson translation in our seminars
and honestly this translation is
incredible so modern so filled with
emotion and so rhythmic as well you can
definitely appreciate its power orally
when you read it so the first thing i
was doing since my copy of the odyssey
hadn't arrived yet i was going through
the introduction on google books and
just writing up some key notes it's a
very long introduction actually as a
translators note i think it's about 100
pages so because I don't technically do
English yet I need to keep on finding
the early pages
then I also watched some interviews with
her so in this first one the really
important theme was the question of what
she thought about being the first woman
to translate the Odyssey and how she
thinks that influenced her translation
so Emily Wilson was the first woman to
translate the Odyssey into English but
actually I was reading on a Twitter
thread that she was engaged in that she
didn't really like people making a point
of that because she's not she's only the
first woman to translate it in full
there have been women who are
classicists and you have translated
aspects of it and then I was also
reading a few articles
[Music]
today I actually separated my day into
sections depending on the kind of task
that I wanted to do so that I could
quite easily switch the first section
was beginnings damn I had YouTube stuff
then this is criticisms readings then I
had chores I had some more beginnings I
had some emails and then I had just
general things by the way just to say I
am having such a good time this is very
interesting so then I got back to
reading some articles this one was again
on emily wilson and it was an article
from The New Yorker this article was
actually about Virgil but it was very
interesting to consider in terms of
structure and how the NIA differed from
that as an epoch so thinking about the
epic structure it makes a lot more sense
when you think about it in terms of
other ones so I did some reading on the
Iliad as well which was a very very
useful comparison I also had a youtube
video to upload so I went through and
took some screenshots so that I could
use these in the thumbnail this is my
lecture of my first day of lectures
which also ironically turned up to be my
last full day of just doing philosophy
in theology lectures if you're
interested I'm going to show you how you
would to monetize a video so with each
video you'll just check this box saying
to monetize and then you self rate your
video and basically just saying if
you've got any inappropriate content and
then you choose your ad formats you can
see that I turn off overlay ads and I
turn off non skippable ads and then I
keep sponsor cards and skippable video
ads on that video is all done and that
marks most of that's half of the YouTube
stuff that I wanted to get done in this
little session
Lavie blimp lat downstairs came over for
like two hours and we chatted we got to
know them and I'm back in my room and
this ray okay so I'm actually very cold
I'm gonna get a hot water bottle in a
second first I just want to get the last
few bits on the YouTube section of
today's to do this done so as I said I
started off by finishing off my YouTube
admin
[Music]
and then I went on to doing my other
chores so for example I really wanted to
go through my wardrobe a little bit more
and basically rearrange how I organized
everything so I hung up a few more items
I put my towels at the bottom it just
made everything a little easier to
access
[Music]
and then this is the next day because I
didn't film everything that I did that
evening so when I woke up I decided to
do some readings I didn't actually film
everything I did this morning but but
basically it consisted of reading
reading and more reading basically just
doing loads of extra seminar prep ready
for next week and also reading the core
criticism texts
[Music]
good morning it's Ruby and I'm sorry I
didn't actually film pretty much at all
this morning so I thought I charged both
camera batteries overnight but I hadn't
say I only filmed a little bit of what I
was doing but I did some marks reading
then I did not something expensive
because at the end of the month it's a
really good time for you to track all of
your expenses so I separate my expense
tracking into anything which is to do
with YouTube is like separate so for
example I had to buy a new GoPro charger
recently I would track that as a YouTube
expand history of camera equipment all
of my food goes in another place the
University my fourth budgets then I have
another spreadsheet which is anything
which is related to when I'm at
university so for example if I went out
for dinner if I had to buy some plasters
buy anything whom we're related whilst
I'm at university that goes in a
different one and then anything else
goes on my main personal which is
usually the smallest of them became
it's only really really use it for what
if I'm buying gifts for people so whilst
I was out I went to see some friends so
one of the things I did was go to rabbit
cafe with my friend Julia honestly Judy
I was on my favorite people if you're
wondering I really didn't film whilst I
was out but I went to the pharmacy Union
a kid that was the theology social there
and everyone was how you pub lunch I
didn't actually eat at the pub lunch but
I went to go and catch up with some
people and then afterwards I went for
lunch I could late lunch with my friend
Julia at the rabbit cafe which is an
amazing vegan place anybody's got sushi
balls and I got an Oreo milkshake was
just insanely good now I'm back and it's
4:30 and I'm doing something in the
evening as well we're going to as a flat
for going to Turtle Bay and also gonna
go and see Downton Abbey at the cinema
which I haven't I've never watched the
show so I'm really intrigued but before
we go I want to get some things done
I've mainly got my work done actually
that I want to put up my Polaroids on my
wall because I haven't got around to
doing that yet so when I was back I
decided to make a meal plan for the rest
of the week I like to do this on Sunday
because it means that I don't end up
opening cans and things or pitabread
packets and they're not finishing them
and letting things go off so I think
it's a really good thing to do and I
also wanted to make this weekly schedule
so I made a list of everything I wanted
to do every week and then I went and
hung up my polaroid pictures above my
bed
it looked so so so much better less
empty more homely and then I also here's
a sneak peak the actual video for this
is going to be going on for my ID TV but
we redecorated our living room and
and that was what I did with my
flatmates right before we went out we
didn't end up going to tattle baby only
went to go and see Downton but it was a
really nice evening really enjoyed it so
I hope that you enjoyed this weekend in
my life at University and I hope that
you have a productive
[Music]